String Messages that appear throughout the game.

Bats:
"You have encountered bats! You are being flown to another location..."

Pits:
"You have fallen into a pit and died."

The Wumpus runs into you or you land on him while being flown by the Bats:
"You have been trampled by the Wumpus... Whomp, whomp :("

Arrows:
"User lost arrow in pit" -> when user shoots arrow into pit
"User killed bats. Pick-up arrow to reclaim it." -> when user shoots arrow into bats
"Empty cavern, arrow continues [direction]." -> when user shoots arrow and it passes through an empty cavern
"Dead end, arrow falls. Pick-up arrow to reclaim it." -> when arrow hits a dead end (there is not a cavern in the same direction)
"User killed the Wumpus." -> when user shoots the Wumpus
"Arrow rebounded. User dies."

Directions:
"User moved [direction]." [East, North, West, South]
"User cannot move [direction]." [East, North, West, South]

Invalid user input:
"You have pressed an invalid key. Please try again."

Welcome message:
'''
Welcome to Hunt The Wumpus!!

Do you wish to continue to the game (y/n)?
'''

Rules:
'''
Rules for Hunt the Wumpus:
1. You can move North (w), South (s), East (a), or West (d) using the aswd letter keys

2. Your goal is to kill the Wumpus with one of your arrows. The Wumpus walks around the caverns randomly.
   If the Wumpus is one cavern away from you, you can smell the Wumpus (he smells really bad...)
   If the Wumpus walks into you or you walk into the Wumpus, then you DIE.

3. You start with 5 arrows. You shoot them using the arrow keys on your keyboard.
   An arrow continues in the direction it was shot until it hits a wall or other object.
   When an arrow hits a wall, you can then walk to pick it up by pressing "p" in the cavern. You only have 5 arrows after all.
   If you shoot an arrow into a wall directly next to you, you will DIE.

4. There are Bats in these caverns...
   If you walk into a cavern with bats, you will be flown to random location.
   If you shoot an arrow and it lands in a bat cavern, the arrow will kill the bats, and you can then retrieve it.
   If you are one cavern away from bats, you will hear screaching noises.

5. There are Pits in these caverns...
   If you walk into a cavern with pits, you will fall into the pit and DIE.
   If you shoot an arrow and it flies over a pit, the arrow will fall down the pit, and you will be unable to reclaim it.
   If you are one cavern away from a pit, you will hear blustering wind.

GOOD LUCK!!!

Press Enter to continue
'''
